Update home page governance links (#71)
charmed-hpc/docs: index.md

## Project and community

> Charmed HPC is an open-source project of the [Ubuntu High-Performance Computing

Reviewer: IIRC Canonical's standard practice is to not hyphenate "open source". I remember being lectured about this after I wrote a blog post for ubuntu.com :sweat_smile: 

```suggestion
Charmed HPC is an open source project of the [Ubuntu High-Performance Computing
```

Charmed HPC is an open-source project of the [Ubuntu High-Performance Computing
community](https://ubuntu.com/community/governance/teams/hpc).
Interested in contributing bug fixes, patches, documentation, or feedback?
Want to join the Ubuntu HPC community? You've come to the right place!

Here's some links to help you get started with joining the community:

<!-- TODO: Add page with contributing guidelines. -->
<!-- TODO: Add page with more information on how to get support for Charmed HPC. -->

* [Ubuntu Code of Conduct](https://ubuntu.com/community/ethos/code-of-conduct)
* [Join the conversation on Matrix](https://matrix.to/#/#hpc:ubuntu.com)
* [Read and follow the Ubuntu Code of Conduct](https://ubuntu.com/community/ethos/code-of-conduct)
* [Join the Ubuntu HPC community on Matrix](https://matrix.to/#/#hpc:ubuntu.com)
* [Get the latest news on Discourse](https://discourse.ubuntu.com/c/hpc/151)

> * [Ask and answer questions on GitHub](https://github.com/orgs/charmed-hpc/discussions/categories/q-a)

Reviewer: Why remove this link? Some folks might want to go directly to the user forum?

Author: The current discussions page looks rather uninviting - there's an 'Idea' that's taken over the top banner and the only two questions appear to be unanswered (they were answered but not marked as such), which doesn't leave a great feeling for someone likely coming to ask for help. If/when that page is looking more inviting I'd be happy to add it back in.

Reviewer: Given our discussion earlier today, we decided to clean up the Discussions page to be more streamlined. Rather than have multiple categories where people can post, now we just have three:

1. Support
2. General
3. Polls

General can be for general discussion such as proposing ideas or discussing specs. Support is for project Q&A such as how to do certain management tasks with Charmed HPC, and polls can be for when we want to take votes on certain things such as naming conventions or adopting new CI tools.

Also, we figured out how to unpin the "Remove `mungectl`"  discussion that somehow ended up being highlighted as the most important discussion question.

> * [See our Contributing guide](https://github.com/charmed-hpc/.github/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md)

Reviewer: I'd rather not link directly to a "bespoke" file on GitHub. It feels unprofessional especially if you're not someone who's _immersed_ in hacker culture. I'd be concerned that someone who's evaluating Charmed HPC from a purchasing standpoint might see this as a quick hack.

I think this URL is captured by my suggestion below. If someone's interested in contributing directly to Charmed HPC, they'll go to the GitHub organization, see the _excellent_ profile README, and get the link to the global CONTRIBUTING.md document from there. I'd only include a direct link to a contributing guide here if it was hosted directly on our RTD site as a nicely rendered page rather than a single file on GitHub.

> * [Ask for support](https://github.com/orgs/charmed-hpc/discussions/categories/support)

Reviewer: [nit]: I want to encourage users to try and help each rather than just have people "screaming into the void" asking for help, and we should indicate that our support forum is on GitHub within the link text rather than just have a generic "Ask for support" link that doesn't indicate where the final destination is.

```suggestion
* [Ask and answer support questions on GitHub](https://github.com/orgs/charmed-hpc/discussions/categories/support)
```

> * [Visit the Charmed HPC GitHub Organization for more information or to ask for support](https://github.com/charmed-hpc)

Reviewer: I wouldn't say "ask for support" here. We don't want folks blowing up our issue trackers with personal enhancement requests or edge-case scenarios. If folks are looking for support, I'd want to direct them straight to the Q&A section on GitHub Discussions, or to our Matrix channel. I'd think it be better to say "Contribute to Charmed HPC":

```suggestion
* [Contribute to Charmed HPC on GitHub](https://github.com/charmed-hpc)
```

My reasoning is that if folks are visiting the project on GitHub, this likely means they're interested in contributing in the form of bug reports, pull requests, or documentation fixes/additions.

Author: I wanted to explicitly state the 'ask for support' aspect, but I agree that may be too open ended for that specific link. Should the Discourse link instead mention support? Or maybe Matrix's?
